haven't even been shot at yet look at
this guy running his circles just go
ahead and die
what are you doing back here come on son
what kind of strategy was dead Oh gotta
learn how to drop shot buddy it's a
required skill here and all this gunfire
Oh what I can't I didn't get a hitmarker
haha out of bullets reload this guy
doesn't see me I got beats blood I've
got beat what come come on son what is
wrong with this game we need dedicated
service oh no I scraping
so what up black ops pains you know who
with is you don't is your boys shape I'm
playing some black ops 2 I wanted to
talk about a few things I went back and
watch that playstation 4 conference all
over again and there were some more
things that I wanted to talk about one
of them happens to be you know the
likelihood of me going to play station
and I don't know if I mentioned in my
previous PlayStation talk oh that was a
nice drop shot right there to see that
again come on Marty this is a required
skill in the call of duty realm we got
to learn how to drop shot it was quite a
few things I used to be a big
playstation fan I had the original
PlayStation at the playstation 2 and i
used to play it all the time and I
didn't get the playstation 3 and i
talked about the reasons why you know
the link to that other video will be in
this video but i watched that
playstation 4 announcement conference
again and there were some other things
that that you know kind of interesting
my real question right now is I tried to
give him I was gonna throw the c-4
sandwich up there but I seen my
teammates look my teammates some reason
I thought they were up there take care
this guy
the real question is what will Microsoft
do in light of the ps4 announcement
lightnings record work really I know
what they're gonna do already we all
know how Microsoft is you're gonna have
Dallas Cowboy girls on poles slide up
and down they're gonna have all kinds of
theatrics you're gonna see fireworks and
an elephants walking across stage we
know how Microsoft is that look I try to
give him the c-4 sandwich I'm right we
go ahead and finish the job so where's
dad so xbox they're really gonna have to
bring it because the PlayStation really
has I really have my attention right now
and that new dualshock 4 controller you
know in my opinion it still looks just
like the old playstation 3 controller
right someone explain to me that it fits
better in your hands it's got better
grip it's got triggers on it now who
doesn't like that share button you know
so there's a lot of things as far as the
game now that confirmed that definitely
have my attention confirmed but I'll be
right back I got to use the back door so
hang tight
Flores ah I gotta stay off stay off the
hot sauce on them see for sandwiches
doing something to my bowels but there's
all kinds of things they talked about
identity you can identify players with a
light bar on the controller now is a
camera link very similar to PlayStation
Move I was never impressed with
playstation move you know I think the
Kinect is probably the best thing going
and so they really have to do something
big to make me show any form of interest
in the PlayStation Move check out this
clip you have to have awareness of your
teammates getting killed around you
that's half the battle pick up a lot of
kills this way look at those guys not
exactly sure who did that take em out
for me baby thanks as a gddr5
top-of-the-line high-end graphics card
I'm like wow except the PlayStation 4 is
really a supercharged gaming PC it even
has the ability to reduce lag and
basically somehow suspend and resume
game play you can play while downloading
even though these things sound very in
like coastal impossible to me because
I'm wondering how would call of duty be
without its leg that's a trademark
monster combo
so apparently you can upload Bob playing
you can browse and spectate friends
gameplay and the interface is supposed
to be user friendly and they talk about
all kinds of things like you can
download miles you can play while you're
downloading so all this sounds
interesting to me I don't know should I
go back to the PlayStation 2 boys shake
AHA let you do later you know who it is
and if you don't wish your boy shake
yeah now just playing man it's a boy x
mamma OG also known as Rick your YouTube
and the reason I said shakedowns intro
in the beginning of my video is because
of the fact i'm talking about shape down
2012 today all right um I've been self
to shake down for maybe maybe six months
and um I want to see him come to the ps3
and I know I'm not the only one okay so
if your sub to me if your sub to him and
have a ps3 and you want to see shakedown
come to the ps3 and gang with us you
know like this video because of the fact
you know I see him you know game with
all the xbox 360 guys and I see a lot of
people comment on this video's like when
you can get the ps3 wii the ps3 but you
know you guys just call me you probably
just comfortable